Fix links: REST Guide (#3315)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/rest/tutorials/inventory/create-customer.md

## Create a customer

> We can use the same customer definition presented in [Create a customer and generate a customer token]({{ page.baseurl }}/rest/tutorials/prerequisite-tasks/create-admin-token.html), with the only differences being the scope of the call (`us` instead of `default`) and inserting the `store_id` and `website_id` parameters into the payload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use the same customer definition presented in [Create a customer and generate a customer token]({{ page.baseurl }}/rest/tutorials/orders/order-create-customer.html), with the only differences being the scope of the call (`us` instead of `default`) and inserting the `store_id` and `website_id` parameters into the payload. 
```
